Introduction:
The aim of this task Is to design a circuit that detects Movement around the rating robot, this movement has to be less than half a meter long and last for 3 seconds at least, If this movement is detected , then a video will pop up and the arm will move to perform a specific pattern, so, we need to use an ultrasonic sensor to detect the movement and Bluetooth module to send the signal to the output device, and we need an Arduino to control the whole circuit. In the simulation program “TinckerCad”, there is no Bluetooth module, so I used another Arduino instead, I also used a Led to represent the output instead of the video screen. The servo motor represents the movement of the arm.

The circuit:
The connection of the circuit can be seen in the file named “ultrasonic-Bluetooth-Circuit”. It is explained as the following: firstly, connect a ground between the two Arduinos, and connect the receiver of the first Arduino to the transmitter of the second, and connect the transmitter of the first to the receiver of the second. Then, for the first Arduino, connect the vcc node of the sensor to the 5v port, and connect trig and echo to any of the digital ports of the Arduino, and connect ground port to the ground. For the second Arduino, connect the positive node of the motor to the 5v, and the negative to the ground, and connect the middle wire to a digital port, and connect a led to a wire, then to a resistor and then to the ground, and the other terminal to a digital port.

The code:
We have two codes. For the main Arduino, we firstly define distance and duration, and we named the ports of the echo and trigger. In the setup, I set echo as input and trig as output, and I started the serial. Outside the loop, I defined a function named dist, this function measures the distance between the sensor and the nearest object, it is a frequently used function when we set the trig to low and then high to low again, it is shown in the end of the code. Inside the loop, I wrote a while function, while the measured distance is more than half a meter, nothing will happen, but while there is an object is less than half a meter, and it lasts for 3 seconds, number 1 will be sent to the other Arduino. In the second Arduino code, , in the first line we include the library Servo.h, then, we define the servo motor using the command Servo, in the setup, I set port 7 as output, which is related to the Led, and I attached the motor to port 5 and I started the serial, inside the loop, using if function, I checked if this Arduino received number 1 (using Serial.read), then the led will be HIGH, and the servo will be in 180 degree, if not it will stay as it is.
